README.md, before:

# grunth-cli

> Runs grunt with the --harmony_* flags

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/EE/grunth-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/EE/grunth-cli)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/21v8mvntrl3uoqgo/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mzgol/grunth-cli/branch/master)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)

## Description
This package exposes the `grunth` shell command that works like `grunt` but fires it using
the node `--harmony_*` flags. Thanks to that you can use ECMAScript 6 features that have experimental
implementation in Node, like `const`/`let` block scoping, generators etc.

The module is a replacement for the `grunt-cli` package.

To install the module globally:

```shell
npm -g install grunth-cli
```

Note: current version requires Node >=0.11.14. If you need Node 0.10 support, use:
```shell
npm -g install grunth-cli@0.2.x
```

Once the module has been installed, in every project that uses Grunt you can replace `grunt` with `grunth` in your commands, like:

```sh
grunth sass
```

Note that, like before, apart from installing the `grunth-cli` global module, you need to install the `grunt` package locally in every project, like:
```shell
npm install grunt --save-dev
```

## Installing grunth-cli locally
If you prefer the idiomatic Node.js method to get started with a project (`npm install && npm test`) then install `grunth-cli` locally with `npm install grunth-cli --save-dev`. Then add a script to your `package.json` to run the associated grunt command: `"scripts": { "test": "grunth test" } `. Now `npm test` will use the locally installed `./node_modules/.bin/grunth` executable to run your Grunt commands.

To read more about npm scripts, please visit the npm docs: [https://npmjs.org/doc/misc/npm-scripts.html](https://npmjs.org/doc/misc/npm-scripts.html).

## License
Copyright (c) Laboratorium EE. Licensed under the MIT license.

Commit message:

Make the package explicitly incompatible with io.js (it's not needed there anyway)

README.md, after:

# grunth-cli

> Runs grunt with the --harmony_* flags

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/EE/grunth-cli.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/EE/grunth-cli)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/21v8mvntrl3uoqgo/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/mzgol/grunth-cli/branch/master)
[![Built with Grunt](https://cdn.gruntjs.com/builtwith.png)](http://gruntjs.com/)

## Description
This package exposes the `grunth` shell command that works like `grunt` but fires it using
the node `--harmony_*` flags. Thanks to that you can use ECMAScript 6 features that have experimental
implementation in Node, like `const`/`let` block scoping, generators etc.

NOTE: In most cases it might better to use [io.js](https://iojs.org) with regular grunt-cli instead. However,
if you need to use Node.js 0.11.14, go ahead.

The module is a replacement for the `grunt-cli` package.

To install the module globally:

```shell
npm -g install grunth-cli
```

Note: current version requires Node >=0.11.14. If you need Node 0.10 support, use:
```shell
npm -g install grunth-cli@0.2.x
```

grunth-cli doesn't work with io.js but it doesn't have to - it has many ES6 features built-in.

Once the module has been installed, in every project that uses Grunt you can replace `grunt` with `grunth` in your commands, like:

```sh
grunth sass
```

Note that, like before, apart from installing the `grunth-cli` global module, you need to install the `grunt` package locally in every project, like:
```shell
npm install grunt --save-dev
```

## Installing grunth-cli locally
If you prefer the idiomatic Node.js method to get started with a project (`npm install && npm test`) then install `grunth-cli` locally with `npm install grunth-cli --save-dev`. Then add a script to your `package.json` to run the associated grunt command: `"scripts": { "test": "grunth test" } `. Now `npm test` will use the locally installed `./node_modules/.bin/grunth` executable to run your Grunt commands.

To read more about npm scripts, please visit the npm docs: [https://npmjs.org/doc/misc/npm-scripts.html](https://npmjs.org/doc/misc/npm-scripts.html).

## License
Copyright (c) Laboratorium EE. Licensed under the MIT license.
